README.md, before:

# Gatsby + Netlify CMS Starter

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b654c94e-08a6-4b79-b443-7837581b1d8d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms-ci/deploys)

**Note:** This starter uses [Gatsby v2](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2018-09-17-gatsby-v2/).

This repo contains an example business website that is built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/), and [Netlify CMS](https://www.netlifycms.org): **[Demo Link](https://gatsby-netlify-cms.netlify.com/)**.

It follows the [JAMstack architecture](https://jamstack.org) by using Git as a single source of truth, and [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com) for continuous deployment, and CDN distribution.

## Prerequisites

- Node (I recommend using v8.2.0 or higher)
- [Gatsby CLI](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/)

## Getting Started (Recommended)

Netlify CMS can run in any frontend web environment, but the quickest way to try it out is by running it on a pre-configured starter site with Netlify. The example here is the Kaldi coffee company template (adapted from [One Click Hugo CMS](https://github.com/netlify-templates/one-click-hugo-cms)). Use the button below to build and deploy your own copy of the repository:

<a href="https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/netlify-templates/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms&amp;stack=cms"><img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to Netlify"></a>

After clicking that button, you’ll authenticate with GitHub and choose a repository name. Netlify will then automatically create a repository in your GitHub account with a copy of the files from the template. Next, it will build and deploy the new site on Netlify, bringing you to the site dashboard when the build is complete. Next, you’ll need to set up Netlify’s Identity service to authorize users to log in to the CMS.

### Access Locally
```
$ git clone https://github.com/[GITHUB_USERNAME]/[REPO_NAME].git
$ cd [REPO_NAME]
$ yarn
$ npm run develop
```
To test the CMS locally, you'll need run a production build of the site:
```
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

## Getting Started (Without Netlify)
```
$ gatsby new [SITE_DIRECTORY_NAME] https://github.com/netlify-templates/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms/
$ cd [SITE_DIRECTORY_NAME]
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

### Setting up the CMS
Follow the [Netlify CMS Quick Start Guide](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/quick-start/#authentication) to set up authentication, and hosting.

## Debugging
Windows users might encounter ```node-gyp``` errors when trying to npm install.
To resolve, make sure that you have both Python 2.7 and the Visual C++ build environment installed.
```
npm config set python python2.7
npm install --global --production windows-build-tools
```

[Full details here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-gyp 'NPM node-gyp page')

## Purgecss
This plugin uses [gatsby-plugin-purgecss](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-purgecss/) and [bulma](https://bulma.io/). The bulma builds are usually ~170K but reduced 90% by purgecss.

Commit message:

Added features section to ReadMe
I saw these sections on other popular starters, i think this makes sense, because it helps newcomers to see the full potential of the starter. And i think most of the traffic comes from gatsby.org uses this on their site,  most of the traffic is deriving from their site

README.md, after:

# Gatsby + Netlify CMS Starter

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/b654c94e-08a6-4b79-b443-7837581b1d8d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms-ci/deploys)

**Note:** This starter uses [Gatsby v2](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/blog/2018-09-17-gatsby-v2/).

This repo contains an example business website that is built with [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/), and [Netlify CMS](https://www.netlifycms.org): **[Demo Link](https://gatsby-netlify-cms.netlify.com/)**.

It follows the [JAMstack architecture](https://jamstack.org) by using Git as a single source of truth, and [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com) for continuous deployment, and CDN distribution.

## Features ##

- A simple landing page with blog functionality built with Netlify CMS
- Editabe Pages: Landing, About, Product, Blog-Collection and Contact page with Netlify Form support
- Create Blog posts from Netlify CMS
- Tags: Separate page for posts under each tag
- Basic directory organization
- Uses Bulma for styling, but size is reduced by `purge-css-plugin`
- Blazing fast loading times thanks to pre-rendered HTML and automatic chunk loading of JS files
- Uses `gatbsy-image` with Netlify-CMS preview support
- Separate components for everything
- Netlify deploy configuration
- Perfect score on Lighthouse for SEO, Accessibility and Performance (wip:PWA)
- ..and more

## Prerequisites

- Node (I recommend using v8.2.0 or higher)
- [Gatsby CLI](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/)

## Getting Started (Recommended)

Netlify CMS can run in any frontend web environment, but the quickest way to try it out is by running it on a pre-configured starter site with Netlify. The example here is the Kaldi coffee company template (adapted from [One Click Hugo CMS](https://github.com/netlify-templates/one-click-hugo-cms)). Use the button below to build and deploy your own copy of the repository:

<a href="https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/netlify-templates/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms&amp;stack=cms"><img src="https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg" alt="Deploy to Netlify"></a>

After clicking that button, you’ll authenticate with GitHub and choose a repository name. Netlify will then automatically create a repository in your GitHub account with a copy of the files from the template. Next, it will build and deploy the new site on Netlify, bringing you to the site dashboard when the build is complete. Next, you’ll need to set up Netlify’s Identity service to authorize users to log in to the CMS.

### Access Locally
```
$ git clone https://github.com/[GITHUB_USERNAME]/[REPO_NAME].git
$ cd [REPO_NAME]
$ yarn
$ npm run develop
```
To test the CMS locally, you'll need run a production build of the site:
```
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

## Getting Started (Without Netlify)
```
$ gatsby new [SITE_DIRECTORY_NAME] https://github.com/netlify-templates/gatsby-starter-netlify-cms/
$ cd [SITE_DIRECTORY_NAME]
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

### Setting up the CMS
Follow the [Netlify CMS Quick Start Guide](https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/quick-start/#authentication) to set up authentication, and hosting.

## Debugging
Windows users might encounter ```node-gyp``` errors when trying to npm install.
To resolve, make sure that you have both Python 2.7 and the Visual C++ build environment installed.
```
npm config set python python2.7
npm install --global --production windows-build-tools
```

[Full details here](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-gyp 'NPM node-gyp page')

## Purgecss
This plugin uses [gatsby-plugin-purgecss](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/packages/gatsby-plugin-purgecss/) and [bulma](https://bulma.io/). The bulma builds are usually ~170K but reduced 90% by purgecss.
